PALLET TOWN: Pick one, dude.
Rattata used tackle! ...Wait, you seriously rolled a 1? You fainted. Finish your drink.
Pidgey used Quick Attack! Use that quickness to give 1 drink and take an extra turn.
Caterpie used String Shot! It was super effective! All other players may only move 1/2 of what they roll on their next turn (round up).
You caught a Pikachu! Drink 2 and replace your starter with this walking electric franchise.
Beedrill used Twinneedle! Pick two people to drink.
PEWTER GYM: Roll a die. Even: give a drink. Odd: Take a drink.
If you're a guy, guys drink. If youre a girl, girls drink.
Zubats... They're... they're everywhere! Take a drink. Next turn, if you roll a 1 or 2, stay here and take a drink!
Clefairy used metronome! Close your eyes, point to a random square, and drink or what it says. If no drink is given or taken, just drink 2.
Jigglypuff used Sing! Everyone fell asleep! Take an extra turn!
Abra used Teleport! Teleport to the other Abra.
GARY: Roll a die. Drink half, give half (round up). What's this guy's deal anyway?
CERUlEAN GYM: Misty's water attacks caused splash damage. You drink 2, everyone else drinks 1.
Slowpoke is slow. For the first one here, make up a gesture. For the rest of the game, when you do it, the last to mimic you takes a drink.
Bellsprout used Razor Leaf! Shred someone's dignity with a reckless callout. They drink 1 in shame.
Meowth used Pay Day! Everybody but you takes a drink.
Diglett used Dig! Dig deep and finish your drink.
Enjoy your cruise aboard the S.S. Anne! Roll a die, you lose that many turns aboard the cruise liner. Roll again, and drink that number druing each lost turn.
VERMILION GYM: Roll a die. Even, you're paralyzed; Take 2 drinks and miss your next turn. Odd, take a drink.
I want to ride my BICYCLE! BICYCLE! BICYCLE! On your next turn, roll the die and move twice that number.
Magikarp used Splash! ...But nothing happened...
Sandshrew used Sand Attack! Your accuracy is lowered. For the rest of the game, you may only drink with your non-dominant hand.
POKEMON TOWER: While in the Pokemon Tower, out of respect for the dead, you should not speak. Doing so results in a drink each time. Take a drink now for your fallen comrades.
A possessed Channeler. Now you're possessed too! While you are on this space, anyone may make you get them a drink.
Haunter used Dream Eater! Devour someone else's dreams by moving them back 10 spaces.
Cubone used "My mother is dead." Share a depressing story with the group, then everyone take a drink.
If someone is in Silph Co. you use the Silph Scope to beat the ghost and everyone else drinks. Otherwise take 3 drinks to appease the dead.
Abra used Teleport! Teleport to the other Abra.
A sleeping Snorlax blocks your path. Belt out a song of the group's choice to wake him, or take 4 drinks.
GARY: Roll a die. Drink that number minus one. Seriously though, is this dude following you or something?
Eeveelution time! You choose a new rule! Any rule violations result in a drink.
CELADON GYM: Roll a die. 1-3: Stun Spore; Lose a turn. 4-6: Mega Drain; Finish your drink.
Psyduck is slow. For the first one here, make up a gesture. For the rest of the game, when you do it, the last to mimic you takes a drink.
What? Your Pokemon is evolving! Let it evolve: Drink 4 and skip the next gym. Stop evolution: Take an extra turn.
Porygon used Tri Attack! While on this space, for each drink you are given, the giver must drink 3.
SILPH CO.: You've infiltrated the headquarters of the infamous Team Rocket! You will need all your courage to maje it to their leader. Drink an extra 2 every turn to calm your nerves.
A Scientist used his magnet Pokemon! You magnetically attract 1 drink per player in the game.
Lapras used Confuse Ray! Pick a player; they are now confused. Next turn, they must roll a 1-3 to stop being confused. If not, they are still confused, and lose a turn.
It's Team Rocket! Watch them defeat themselves with incompetence, everyone drink to them blasting off.
GIOVANNI: Roll a die. 1-3: Give that number. 4-6: Drink that number.
Rare Candy - Level up! You get an extra turn.
GARY: Roll a die and take that many dirnks. The next time this punk hassles you will be the last.
SAFFRON GYM: Use psychic powers to pick a number, then roll the die. If it's your number, take an extra drink. If not, drink 2.
Challenge someone to a chugging contest. First to finish gets an extra turn. Last to finish loses a turn.
Krabby used Crabhammer! Bring down the Crabhammer on someone; they must finish their drink.
Ditto used Transform! During the next person's turn, you must copy everything they do!
Doduo used Double Edge! You give 4 drinks, but you drink 1.
SAFARI ZONE: Before each turn in the Safari Zone, roll a die. 1-2: Your throw bait. Give 1 drink to someone else. 3-4: You throw a rock, dick. Lose your turn, drink 4. 5-6: You throw a safari ball. Drink 2 in sadness, because safari balls are just awful.
Gone fishin'... A wild Dratini appeared! Roll a 1 to catch. Otherwise drink 1.
A wild Taurus appeared... but instantly fled. Drink 2 for not being quick enough.
Roll a die. If it's 1-3 Chansey eludes you, drink 1. 4-6, you capture Chansey, give 2.
FUCHSIA GYM: Poison Pokemon are toxic! Better get intoxicated! Drink 3.
Electrode used Explosion! Everybody finish their drinks.
Electabuzz used Thunder Punch! You're paralyzed; miss your next turn.
Poliwag used Hydro Pump! Shotgun a beer.
Seaking used Waterfall! ...do a waterfall!
A wild Missingno! Roll 3 times. Get a 5 or 6, and you continue. If not, you glitched. Restart at Pallet Town.
CINNABAR GYM: Roll a die. Even, roll again. Odd, take twice as many times as you rolled evens.
Koffing used Haze! If there's anything nearby to smoke, smoke it to avoid taking 2 drinks.
You resurrected a Fossil Pokemon! Everone older than you drinks 2.
You throw a Pokeball! If your favourite Pokemon is on the board roll a 1-3 to catch it! Roll a 4-6 and it got away, drink 3. If your favourite Pokemon is not on the board, sadly drink 3.
Persian used Fury Swipes! Roll a die and give out that many drinks.
VIRIDIAN GYM: First, take a drink. Then if you're a guy, guys drink 3. If you're a girl, girls drink 3.
Fearow used Mirror Move! Drink what the last person did during their last turn.
Graveler used Defense Curl! Lose 2 turns, but you do not have to take any drinks until you go again.
Gyrados used Dragon Rage! Take 4 drinks unless you landed on Magikarp, which case you give 4 drinks.
Dragonite used Hyper Beam! Give 5 drinks, but lose a turn to recharge.
Gotta catch 'em all! Roll a die. 1-3: Why are you throwing Great Balls at it? Take a drink! 4-6: You got one! You may only move on once you've caught all 3 birds.
THE ELITE FOUR: Challenge the land's greatest trainers: The Elite Four! Roll a 4 to defeat the Elite Four! For any other number, drink 4!
CHAMPION GARY: Finish a full drink to down this bastard for the last time! You cannot move on until your drink is finished.
POKEMON MASTER! Throw that Master Ball and take a victory drink. All other players toast to your glory! You are a Pokemon Master!